Front Gate: You are outside the front gate. The dirt road ends here.
Dirt road . . . north bound.
Dirt road: To the west is a forest. The dirt road extends further north.
Hill Bottom (West): You are at the bottom of the hill. The dirt road extends far to the north.
On Hill: You are standing on top of a hill in the middle of a forest. Ahead lies a gated mansion surrounded by tall brick walls. A narrow dirt road trails along the wall connecting the front gate to the back entrance. The road disappears into the forest.
Living room: The front door opens into the living room. There are two other doors here: one to the west, and the other to the south. 
Kitchen: You are in a kitchen. There are stairs that lead down to the basement. There's are doors to the north and south.
Basement (West): The hallway extends east. There is a door to the south.
Kitchen stairs: You're in the basement. There are stairs going up. To the north is an eastbound hallway.
Frontyard: You are in the front yard. There is a garage to the south, and the mansion lies to the east of the garage.
Garage (North): You are in the front yard, outside the garage. The the front door of the mansion lies to the east.
Garage (South): You are outside the garage. There is a door here.
Dirt road: The dirt road extends further east.
Hill Bottom (East): You are at the  east bottom of the hill. The back entrance lies to the east.
Hallway (North): There's a door to the west at the end of the hallway. The hallway extends to the south.
Hallway: The hallway extends towards the north and east.
Basement: The hallway extends east to west. There is a small door to the south.
Torture room: There is a chair in the middle with straps and chains attached to the legs and arms. There is a small cabinet in the corner. A dim bulb hangs from the ceiling. This must have been where they have been keeping Vittorio, but it appears they have relocated him.
Garden Entrance: An archway leads into to the garden. You can see the front gate at some distance to the west.
Mansion (Front): You are at the front door of the mansion. The front gate is to the north west.
Mansion (South): There is a door here. To the west is the garage. The backyard lies to the east.
South Entrance: You are at the south entrance. There is a door here. The dirt road disappears into the forest. Near the door is a parked delivery truck. 
Forest: You're surrounded by trees.
Office: You're in an office. There are files scattered around filled with nonsense.
Hallway (South): There is a door to the north. The hallway extends east to west.
Basement (East): The hallway extends to the west. There is a door to the south.
Backyard entrance: There is a stairway going up to the south. To the north lies a wooden door.
Garden (North): There is a swimming pool here.
Garden: You're in a garden. The house is to the west. There is a swimming pool to the north.
Stairs: There are stairs going down to the basement. To the north is an archway  that leads into a garden.
Backyard: You stand in the middle of the backyard. The mansion lies to the north. 
In the middle of the forest . . .
Bedroom: You are in the bedroom. The window displays the garden to the east. Besides the pleasant view of the garden, the room is a total mess. 
Hallway (East): There is a door to the north, and another door lies to the east. The hallway extends to the west.
Garage: There is a car parked here. It might come in handy . . .